.TH sshtrix 1 "October 1, 2011" "version 0.0.1"

.SH NAME
sshtrix - A very fast multithreaded SSH login cracker

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B sshtrix
-h/-I/-R <arg> -m <arg> [options]

.B sshtrix
-h/-I/-R <arg> -l/-L <arg> -k/-K <arg> [options]

.SH DESCRIPTION
sshtrix is a very fast multithreaded SSH login cracker. It supports SSHv1 and
SSHv2 and uses libssh (http://www.libssh.org/). sshtrix was designed to automate
rapid bruteforce attacks against SSH authentification screens. Unlike other public
tools, the aim is to keep it simple, stable, fast and modular. With its clean
code design, it is easy to extend the code to a framework or to fork it against
protocols of your choice. In fact, sshtrix is a fork of my own generic login
cracker framework.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 10
.I \-h host
Specify target's hostname or IP address.
.TP 10
.I \-I range
Specify target ip address range. You must define start ip and stop ip seperated
by a dash. So, it must look like: 192.168.0.1-192.168.0.254
.TP 10
.I \-R file
Specify the target list filename. It must contain one host per line. Lines can
contain port numbers seperated with colons. For example: noptrix.net:1337.
Default port number is 22 of course.
.TP 10
.I \-p port
Specify target's SSH server port; the default is 22.
.TP 10
.I \-m file
Specify a colon seperated login file. Each line must contain username and
password seperated with ':' (e.g. user:pass).
.TP 10
.I \-l file
Specify the user list filename. List must contain one username per line.
.TP 10
.I \-k file
Specify the pass list filename. List must contain one password per line.
.TP 10
.I \-L user
Specify username on command line rather reading from file.
.TP 10
.I \-K pass
Specify password on command line rather reading from file.
.TP 10
.I \-D
Use sshtrix's default wordlist for usernames and passwords.
.TP 10
.I \-O
Print out sshtrix's default wordlist. Format is: "username password".
.TP 10
.I \-c sec 
Set connect timeout in seconds. The default is 3 seconds.
.TP 10
.I \-w sec
Set delay time in seconds. If this option is specified, sshtrix will wait for
"N" seconds before trying the next login pair.
.TP 10
.I \-t num
Define the number of threads to use for parallel connections. The default is 4.
.TP 10
.I \-f file
Log found login pairs to file.
.TP 10
.I \-e
Exit after first found login pair.
.TP 10
.I \-s
Print found logins immediately.
.TP 10
.I \-v
Verbose mode. Print each login attempt.
.TP 10
.I \-V
Shows sshtrix's version number.
.TP 10
.I \-H
Shows help and usage for sshtrix.

.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
Crack logins at noptrix.net on default port. Use login file with colon
seperated usernames and passwords (this is the shortest run usage):

.B $ sshtrix
-h noptrix.net -m logins.lst
.PP
Crack logins at noptrix.net on port 1337. Use a users list and define
password on command line:

.B $ sshtrix
-h noptrix.net -p 1337 -l users.lst -K noptrixpass123
.PP
Crack logins from host list file. Port numbers will be parsed after ':'.
Use a username and password list.

.B $ sshtrix
-R host.lst -l user.lst -k pass.lst

.SH NOTES
If you get false negatives, which is rare, then you should use fewer threads or
set the connect timeout higher. On the other hand, feel free to to use more
threads to test the target's limit: obviously, the more threads you use the
faster it will crack. Beside that, sshtrix is still in testing phase. I will
improve on its stability soon and add as many options as needed.

.SH BUGS
If you believe that sshtrix is acting strangely or poorly under whatever
circumstances, please notify me and tell me how you think it should behave.
Minor tweaks and gradual improvements to the code will probably fix behavioral
and stability issues over time and as such continued feedback from the Internet
community is always welcome!

.SH COPYRIGHT
See sshtrix/doc/COPYING.

.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Levent Kayan <noptrix@lamergarten.net>.
sshtrix was written by Levent Kayan <noptrix@lamergarten.net>.
